h2. Partychat markov chains bot

harper@nata2.org
"http://nata2.org":http://nata2.org
"@harper":http://twitter.com/harper

------------

h3. Background   

I love markov chain bots. They are one of the most hilarious things you can have in a chat room. After years of a very comedic bot in the skinnycorp TAD chat room (bless it's now still heart) i became rather fond of having the nonsense and insanity that is a crazy bot.

This is based on the same idea as all the various markov chain bots that are floating around. In a nutshell it:

* receives a message
* adds received message to the markov chain
* stores message in the training log so that the chain builds and builds
* if it feels like it - responds with markov chain generated message
* sits back and is awesome

Markov chains ALWAYS make things better. 

The markov.py code is from the internet. I don't know where it came from. It was part of a IRC bot that I built about 4 years ago. I think it may have some roots in a blog post about markov chains. If you know - please hit me up. 

h3. Markov Chain Information 

You can find more info here:
"Wikipedia: Markov Text Generators":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Markov_chain#Markov_text_generators
 
Note: it is used by spammers. wouldn't it be awesome to have a kid named like a spam email!

h3. Plans

v.01 - barely works, but works it does. hah. Needs error handling and more functionality. 

h3. Prerequisites 

* requires tornado (tornadoweb.org)

h3. Usage

Set up two webhooks for partychat at: http://partychat-hooks.appspot.com/
* Post Hook with format: {{get_argument("message")}}
* Receive Hook with the command set to * and the HTTP endpoint point at your markov_chat.py addr.

Edit the markov_chat.py file and set the correct posthook url 

Execute the markov_chat.py script:

bq. harper@:~/partychat-markovchain-bot$ python markov_chat.py 
Loading chat.log into brain.
Brain Reloaded

By default the server listens on port 8888 on 0.0.0.0. So going to http://yourip:8888 should hit the server. You will see a markov generated sentance at that url.

Test it and see how it goes. 

h3. live example:

You can play with a public live bot by chatting up markovchains@partychapp.appspotchat.com (if the server stays up ;) )


h3. Help make this amazing. seriously. It could be hilarious with your help.

------------

this is awesome. i am awesome. 

hit me up. 
"@harper":http://twitter.com/harper
harper@nata2.org

